# Promotion With Peers

## Team (F15 Group 7)

| Name | Unikey | SID |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Baocheng Wang | bwan3675 | 480508977 |
| Jian Kang | jkan0240 | 490582066 |
| Yanhao Xu | yaxu5503 | 490147935 |


## How To Run Server?

* [Frontend Instruction](/frontend/README.md)

* [Backend Instruction](/backend/README.md)


## How to change the database configuration?

Check `goal_project/settings.py`

with reference to https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.2/ref/settings/#databases

## How To Sign Up User Account without a valid USYD student unikey?
User can sign up, by entering his or her unikey as the username, and the system will send a verification code via email, the sign up process would not proceed, until a correct verification code is entered.

In order to prevent malicious users who are not USYD students from signing up for an active account, the registration process will send the verification code to the university account generated by the system based on the username. For example, if the username you are signing up is test1234, then the verification code will be sent to the email “test1234@uni.sydney.edu.au”

For marking and testing purpose, in case users might not have the university student email in the required format, 
sample accounts are provided:

  | User Type | Username | Password |
  | ---- | ---- | ---- |
  | Standard User | timi1234 | 1234 |
  | Admin | bwan3675 | bwan3675 |


## How To Upload Profile Image

Users are allowed to upload some images as his or her profile images, but the system does not support uploading the pictures from the local machine.

To upload an image, the user will have to:

* Find an image on the internet

* Copy its url

* Pasted it in the text area in the “Photo Upload” section. Ideally, the preview of the picture will be displayed on the square area above.

* Click the “Submit” button to upload.

